Minutes for 11 March 2016
=========================

:date: 2016-03-11

Present: Soroush, David, Alan, Chris, Prasad, Richard, Andre, Peter

Apologies:

1. Jenny raised an issue about face numbering in OpenCMISS. What is the most sensible way of defining relative faces in OpenCMISS?

2. Noel added the Minutes section to the website.

3. Discussing the proposal for OpenCMISS documentation. We separate the content generation from presentation while keeping the source in one format. Which format we should use for math? MathML or LaTeX?
